Hello
Welcome to our program.
training and dedication to the mcs
windows server 2012
if you have not yet watched
we advise you to watch our
video here is probably next to the
page of the course you are looking for
do what is on the opportunities in the
information technology work and
new generation microsoft certifications
a very complete video with several
illegal information you are good we are
speaking now about exactly the
training mcs to windows server 2012
the mc sa is training is essential
for the infrastructure career in
technology
mc sa is a training composed of
three courses and 3 certification exams or
be every course you have after your test
for you to get your dedication is
necessary to pass all three exams to
certification is essential.
after conquering two dedication mc sa
Can you get more education?
Advanced that the other is that you have six
options so you can choose
It's in the garage.
cloud-proof infrastructure
key message or communications
these trainings also you find
in Porsche 911 see the question of value
any promotional value of
investment for mc training if the
windows server 2012
Good people are three five-day courses
or ten nights approximately 120 hours
training
are three digital manuals options
microsoft three dedicated options
microsoft
the value of training is the following each
microsoft official course has the value of
1250 reais adding up the three courses we
we reached three thousand seven hundred and
fifty reals
when you get a package mc sa
after 19 grants a promotional
discount of $ 650 the training is
only 3 thousand
in reais and can be divided into 10
times without addition to the check or
four times without adding new options
credit card or ticket
you have the possibility of discounts
additional offers new offers discount
for students and offers a discount for
more than two places in the same class
consult our website requesting
Our proposal is our consultants will
be telling you about it
the duration of the training mc sa
it lasts an average of three to four months
depending on the holidays
It's fine if it's on Saturdays or Sundays.
There are 15 lessons from 8:30 to 4:00 and
half of the afternoon and if it is in the period
night classes from 15 to 7 to 15
exams 11 twice a week
we form 2nd and 4th grade classes or
Tuesday and Thursday on our site you
find the available schedule of courses
mc - in 2012 in the cities of ribeirão
black bauru and campinas
at the end of each page also on the website
you find is the link for you to get
proposal and also make your application
online
remembering again that there is
possibility of additional discounts is
for students and for also more vacancies
in the same class then we have in
It's true a discount program
progressive not
two vacancies three to four others
and so on
you can be formal with our
consultants
It's good to do a comparison now
cost-effective training of people
common needs are cheap the types of
training and recognized in the
whole world in standard training in
Anywhere you come to do this
course in the world
we were to evaluate today the value in
average of a network specialist
is around $ 100 at an average value
hours of an administrator
network specialist
in training here we have another one
given here
if you consult a course teacher
basic computer science
windows word excel power point and
internet this professional does not charge
less than 50 reais an hour a class
in official training
ok you 'll be paying on average 25
real per hour
is very little else is included the
officially certified official material
feeding at 15-minute intervals
that the interval of morning and afternoon in the
case of the course of one or interval in
night of 15 minutes in the coffee itself
break
It is important to remember that during the
integral we have one hour of
break for lunch and if you are not
included where the staff each ends up
as being a local
we are very cheap you are going to evaluate
the cost-benefit of training
less than 30 reais the hour of training
certified food
the possibility of you being without
classes for 120 hours with the
teacher is a professional
specialized in subject training
today we have to be much more
evaluated than just content
The training today has to be evaluated.
Trainer competence seriousness of
company you are investing both
security and networking between
people participating in training
evaluate all these requirements is the
content if you go and see it today
finds free on the internet a lot
Well, I do not have training today.
be evaluated only by content
people have to be evaluated by a
degree of engagement with this company
as a partner the time of existence
company
the satisfaction rate of people who
already trained
the level of the technical level of the
Professor networking among people
of training that really has to
be evaluated
so if you put it on the tip of the pencil
you will come to the conclusion that the
microsoft courses today are very cheap
It's very cheap, even we have.
information of courses of other companies
also official
no microsoft course other meetings
software company that cost between
three to five thousand reais a course of five
days in sao paulo
Normally Microsoft courses already have the
best cost benefit
also need to have the courses
microsoft are accepted and known and have
opportunities around the world the ball
taught that it is a training center
Microsoft official offering material
Certified instructor officer
classroom requirements and has
mtm evaluation that is the guarantee that you
students have at the end of the training
to be able to report microsoft as it is
quality of service
the right training center with
we give you a message about
Education is essential windows 7 2012
here are my contacts stay
will enter with us and
later we hope